doc: clarify libfuzzer-nosan preset uses build_fuzz_nosan dir (#35274)
bitcoin/bitcoin: doc/fuzzing.md

```

One can use `--preset=libfuzzer-nosan` to do the same without common sanitizers enabled.

> Note that this preset uses `build_fuzz_nosan` as its build directory, so substitute

Reviewer: The `substitute` phrasing made me read it twice - so which one do I replace with which one?
```suggestion
Note that this preset uses a different build directory, so replace `build_fuzz` with `build_fuzz_nosan` in the build and run commands above.
```

You might want to mention https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/7164a0cab650bdf01cdcbc3da690f6b674fcc7b3/CMakePresets.json#L54 in the PR description or commit message (and update it since the description still mentions both previous changes)

Author: Done, applied the suggestion, added CMakePresets.json L54 reference to commit message and PR description.

Reviewer: Thanks, please resolve this comment

(`--preset=libfuzzer-nosan`) and then merge new inputs into a corpus as described in
the qa-assets repo
(https://github.com/bitcoin-core/qa-assets/blob/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md).
The `libfuzzer-nosan` preset places its build artifacts in `build_fuzz_nosan` (not
`build_fuzz`), so the corresponding build and run commands are:

```sh
$ cmake --preset=libfuzzer-nosan
$ cmake --build build_fuzz_nosan
$ FUZZ=process_message build_fuzz_nosan/bin/fuzz
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Agree with l0rinc here, repeating this doesn't seem too useful.

Author: Done, dropped the duplicate block, kept just the single mention in the Quickstart.
